Improve API compatibility and client library reference docs (#4985)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/client-libraries/v2/javascript/nodejs/install.md

## Install dependencies

Use the `@influxdata/influxdb-client` JavaScript client library to write data in {{% cloud-name %}}.

Open a new terminal window and install the `@influxdata/influxdb-client` package for querying and writing data:

   ```sh
   npm i --save @influxdata/influxdb-client
   ```

The `@influxdata/influxdb-client-apis` client library package won't work with {{% cloud-name %}}.
It only works with InfluxDB v2 management APIs.

## Configure credentials

The client examples include an [`env`](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-js/blob/master/examples/env.js) module for accessing your InfluxDB properties from environment variables or from `env.js`.
The examples use these properties to interact with the InfluxDB API.

> Set environment variables or update `env.js` with your InfluxDB [database](/influxdb/cloud-serverless/admin/databases/) (bucket), organization (required, but ignored), [token](/influxdb/cloud-serverless/admin/tokens/), and cluster URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set environment variables or update `env.js` with your InfluxDB [database](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/admin/databases/), organization (required, but ignored), [token](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/admin/tokens/), and cluster URL.
```

## Next steps

Once you've installed the client library and configured credentials, you're ready to [write data](/influxdb/cloud-serverless/api-guide/client-libraries/nodejs/write/) to InfluxDB.

> {{< page-nav next="/influxdb/cloud-serverless/reference/client-libraries/v2/javascript/nodejs/write/" keepTab=true >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< page-nav next="/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/client-libraries/v2/javascript/nodejs/write/" keepTab=true >}}
```
